He actually seduced Mr. Shen in public
shameless
Listen to Lan, come here
Shen Shen Tinglan
Outside later
Qinglan, are you mistaken?
Uncle, I'm sorry.
I'm late.
Xiaoxi, why are you here?
What a coincidence
Yueyang, how did you meet Xu Xi?
What's the matter, Xiaoxi is my good friend
It's the kind of relationship that can be called a novel with me
Do you have an opinion?
Ha, is that so?
I thought it was Xu Xi who deliberately picked up on you
Trying to seduce Sirius
Don't listen to him
Miss Song, I was just here to deliver takeout
If not, you need me to provide shoe shine and clothing.
I won't bump into God either
God never does
Song Man, you are going too far
You be careful
I will cover you in the future, be careful with me.
yueyang
Ah Wei
Notify all media
From now on
Also revoked all support for Miss Songman
Here we go.
Mr. Shen, we have cooperation with the Song family
You don't mean to ban Miss Song.
What I said
I don't want to repeat the second stroke Yes
When the Shen family moved into Yuncheng two years ago
The Xu family has gone bankrupt
I don't think they know each other.
It must be Xu Xi who seduced Mr. Shen
Xu Xi
I finally asked for the opportunity to cooperate with Tianlan
But nothing can go wrong.
Xu Xi
Ah!
How could you do this?
What the hell are you trying to do?